Northwest EMC is the leader in
compliance testing providing the best
possible EMC testing services at
competitive prices Northwest emc is
comprised of a network of full-service
laboratories our focus is on providing
the very best EMC testing and
certification services possible by
creating the most advanced and complete
EMC testing facilities in the u.s. we
have set the standard in our industry
and continuously strive to improve upon
this standard our emc EMI testing
capabilities unique software
applications and extensive roster of
worldwide accreditation zand
authorizations offer manufacturers
designers and importers a single source
for meeting all regulatory requirements
Northwest EMC was founded in nineteen
ninety-two using open area test sites
technology now provides a better
measurement tool in FCC listed chambers
by implementing that technology our FCC
listed three meter five meter and full
ten meter chambers provide unparalleled
testing accuracy and throughput
coupled with automated test equipment
our state-of-the-art facilities maximize
testing efficiency because our chambers
meet full volumetric sight attenuation
requirements for both sis / and ANSI
standards it isn't necessary to conduct
testing an open area test sites or
wonder if your product meets regulatory
requirements based on the results from
smaller chambers our ten meter chamber
allows for testing to the exact standard
in climate-controlled comfort these FCC
listed chambers are uniquely designed
and constructed to remove all ambient
interference resulting in greater
accuracy by eliminating false positives
and false failures we save you time and
money and help move products through the
certification process and to market
faster greater throughput means lower
project costs and our specialized
software applications automate the
testing process ensuring greater
repeatability all of the Northwest EMC
testing facilities offer a wide range of
conducted and radiated emissions testing
and immunity testing for all types of
products including wireless once your
testing is completed your results will
be organized and reported to you in the
required data format our secure internet
data delivery system allows our clients
to receive data quickly and easily we
will provide you with a randomly
generated password and secure URL to
download your data after seven days we
delete your files to ensure your
information stays secure in most cases
we are able to deliver your test results
within minutes of test completion and
the final reports soon after report
delivery just couldn't be easier because
Northwest AMC is a telecommunications
certification body with
authority to issue certifications for
compliance with FCC regulations you can
rest assured that we understand the
latest requirements and trends in the
industry we actively participate in
standards making committees and industry
associations so you can count on our
consultative expertise to help guide you
through the testing and compliance
process we have a very extensive list of
accreditation in addition to being a TCB
for the United States cb4 Canada and a
cab for the European Union thank you for
taking the time to learn about Northwest
EMC the leader in the compliance testing
and certification industry contact us
today and let us demonstrate our
commitment to premier service and
unmatched capabilities